Description:
-----------
      This is a kernel-based keylogger written for linux.  It is (most
unoriginally) named kbd_notifier, after its method of capturing keystrokes. To
do its keylogging, kbd_notifier abuses the linux notifier chains, through which
kernel modules may request notice when a kernel event occurs. kbd_notifier
registers for notification when keystrokes occur, and simply logs each
keystroke as it happens.

Usage:
-----
     This module was written in C for linux v2.6.  It requires a Makefile to be
compiled.  Further, kbd_notifier relies on two header files, kfile.h and
keysym.h.  These files must be stored in a directory called "headers" which is
in the same directory as kbd_notifier's source.  The directory containing
kbd_notifier should look like this:

   .
   |--headers
   |   |--kfile.h
   |   `--keysym.h
   |
   |--kbd_notifier.c
   `--Makefile

Assuming that the module's source, the Makefile and the header directory are in
the same directory, kbd_notifier can be installed using the following two
commands:

   make
   insmod kbd_notifier.ko

Once installed, kbd_notifier can be removed with the following command:

   rmmod kbd_notifier

Note that, appart from make, all commands must be executed with super-user
priviledges.  To remove itermediate build files, run the following command:

   make clean

     Once kbd_notifier is installed, it will begin capturing keystrokes right
away.  However, these keystrokes will not be stored to a log file until
kbd_notifier is removed from the system.  Once removed, the log file,
notifier.log, will appear in the same directory that kbd_notifier.ko was in.

Technical Information:
---------------------
     All testing was done on a VirtualBox virtual machine with 1 32-bit CPU,
1024MB of RAM and 12MB of video RAM.  The VM was running Ubuntu 11.4 Server on
top of linux kernel v2.6.38-8-pae.  The host system was a Sager NP7280-S1 with
12-core Intel Core i7 x990 CPUs, 12GB of RAM and 2 GeForce GTX 580M GPUs, with
2GB of video RAM each.  The host system ran Ubuntu 10.04 Desktop.  Throughout
development, the host machine ran 3 different linux kernels: v2.6.32-{34,35,36}

